---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: what we do
datePublished: '2015-12-23T02:46:30.861Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-23T02:46:23.255Z'
title: what
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-10-7a39c571-533d-4311-b93f-472b0babefa6.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 7a39c571-533d-4311-b93f-472b0babefa6/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
# 

Metawave Media is a immersive transmedia company working beyond the normal field of view. We consult and produce immersive  
hybrid media formats and properties bridging the virtual and physical worlds to make them more personal, collaborative and  
engaging. We bring immersive and augmented virtual world / simulation /serious game media and format  
property design together for our partners, merging biometric, environmental  
monitoring sensors, wireless and kinetic energy  
sources for state of the art social 'presence' and adaptive media brand experiences.   
Our experience with interactive  
systems for commercial space,healthcare, energy, and environment partners is our main focus.  
Whether focusing on branded Technology, Engineering, Arts andMathematics (STEAM) we can help your entertainment, training or Science, organization. We're forging the boundary connections between real time situational awareness, entertainment and learning.  
Since 2003 we've been  
developing a virtual location-based service around the  
emerging commercial space industry.  Astrolabe,augments  
and extends an extreme reality television format, and augmented virtual world,  
with an embedded co-viewing social network.   
We've worked on medical simulations, UAV's  
systems, Artificial intelligent: PaaS & music engines, sports  
simulation training  
properties, eco-immersion property, clinical trial and mycological environment remediation and monitoring systems and virtual worlds systems, to name a few.   
With our partners we've spent years advising and applying design  
and technology  
into some of the most dynamic environments, from technology, research  
commercialization, e-commerce, online ISP's,healthcare, education,  
aerospace and the music industry.  
If we can help you see the augmented, exciting future of immersive, situated, social spaces please contact us.

# 

#